fix(sonarr): Add Missing Optionals (#1657)
TRaSH-Guides/Guides: docs/Radarr/radarr-setup-quality-profiles.md

{! include-markdown "../../includes/cf/radarr-unwanted.md" !}

{! include-markdown "../../includes/cf/radarr-optional.md" !}

{! include-markdown "../../includes/cf/radarr-streaming-services.md" !}

> I decided not to add `Audio Advanced` Custom Formats to the encodes profile, You will hardly find HD audio with HD Bluray Encodes. With HD Bluray Encodes I suggest going for quality. If you also want HD audio formats I would suggest going with Remuxes or UHD Encodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I decided not to add `Audio Advanced` Custom Formats to the encodes profile. You will hardly find HD audio with HD Bluray Encodes. When downloading HD Bluray Encodes, I suggest going for quality. If you want HD audio formats, I would suggest going with a Remux or UHD Encode.
```
